Change licence to AGPLv3 and update donations text (#1028)
TabbycatDebate/tabbycat: docs/about/licence.rst

=====================
Licence and Donations
=====================

Licence
=======

> Tabbycat is licenced under the terms of the `GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/>`_. You may copy, distribute, and modify this software; however note that this licence requires (amongst other provisions) that any modifications you make to Tabbycat must be made public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tabbycat is licensed under the terms of the `GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/>`_. You may copy, distribute, and modify this software; however note that this licence requires (amongst other provisions) that any modifications you make to Tabbycat be made public.
```
